(Narrator) Akari and Michelle
are hostages of Squad Four's
Bao.
But the M.A.R.S. Ranking 1
fighter, Joseph, has rescued
them.
Channeling his rage, he has
defeated Bao and an army of
terraformars.
Now the heroes turn their
hopes to their comrades
underground,
and their plan to take back the
Annex 1.
Hundreds of bio-magnetic fields
just disappeared.
There's a chance it was poison
gas, a biological weapon, or
radiation.
But I know it wasn't a nuclear
explosion.
(Wolf) The morning sunlight will
burn through any remaining
bacteria.
(Wolf) And the wind will blow
away any residual poison.
(Wolf) Once we're in, we hack
the communications tower.
(Wolf) Gaining control of the
system shouldn't be difficult.
(Wolf) Remember, engineers like
us set the thing up.
And that's when we send the
message to Earth: Squad Four has
betrayed all of us.
Whoever controls that tower,
controls the battle.
Opportunity is knocking. Let's
take the fight to them.
(Amelia) I've totally lost
track. Is it daybreak up there?
Is it time, Wolf?
Not quite. Squad Four hasn't
moved out yet.
[Groans] Man, I'm starving.
Keiji, do you have anything to
eat?
No.
(Peggy) You can blame me.
I used up all of our food
provisions.
As you should.
You have great echidna digging
power.
That's what got us this far. You
needed food to fuel your effort.
He's right.
I have an idea. Hang on.
[Efforts] The milk of the
short-beaked echidna is known to
be highly nutritious.
Its composition is wholly
unique. And I can excrete it
from my skin.
Try some.
Uhh.
(Jet) We're back in business.
Let's go.
Soon after Bao recovered First
and Second, we lost contact.
Let's go back him up.
You both should eat, you're our
best fighters.
Uhh.
(Marcos) Well, we should be
practical. Don't mind if I do.
(Keiji) Aren't you eager.
They're on the move!
[Gasps]
(Wolf) I sense the members of
Squad Four leaving the Annex 1.
About time. Now is our big
chance to sneak in there
undetected. Let's go.
[Gasps]
Well, what do we have here? This
is Bao, do you copy?
[Grunts]
[Gasps]
(Bao) They were here after all.
Huh.
We're heading for General Liu.
They probably don't know about
Hong.
Just drag them out into the
open.
Roger.
[Grunts]
Evacuate!
Hiya!
Ah!
[Grunts]
[Groans]
[Grunting]
Hiya!
[Groans]
[Heavy Breathing]
(Peggy) [Screams]
Okay, okay. Everyone, stop right
there.
Otherwise, she dies.
[Gasps]
[Exhales]
Just please...
[Grunts]
Run for it!
[Gasps]
[Heavy Breathing]
[Grunts]
Keep running, Peggy!
Right!
Okay! I see no radiation!
Engineers, follow me straight
inside!
[Grunts] Dammit, the wind's so
strong!
[Heavy Breathing]
The sun's too hot!
Don't stop. We can make it!
Peggy! Bore another tunnel away
from the mines to shield the
crew!
Noncombatants can hide!
[Gasps]
[Grunts]
Joji!
This wind!
The terraformars are creating
it!
They're purging the atmosphere
of residual poison! Is this a
coincidence, or...?
Did they have the same attack
plan as us?
Joji! Joji-jo!
(All) Joji! Jo!
[Screams]
Peggy!
Keiji, no! You can't help her!
We have a job to do, remember?
Keep running!
[Grunts]
Just...don't let them win, okay?
[Gasps]
[Grunts]
Jii.
My narwhal senses let me dodge
that first attack.
But I don't think he'll miss me
on his second try. There's no
way I'll make it!
Jo!
A net? Is that the Annex's?
Anti-terraformar net? It's
enormous! If we don't reach the
building, we'll be trapped!
Hurry! Get inside the Annex 1!
Hmm, even that didn't get them?
They're starting to get on my
nerves.
[Grunting]
Joji-joji!
Uh-oh. Looks like I've been
killed. So Sad.
Depressing indeed.
Oh well, but more of
us will be born soon.
What the hell are you? I mean,
what are, all of you?
Should we tell him?
Hmm, no need, I think.
Maybe I'll answer that question
just this one time.
(Bao) I was born into the world
with nothing that set me apart
or made me special.
A family with no wealth or
connections. Average abilities
and brains.
Even now, I'm just a career
soldier. A man doing his job.
But then, thanks to the
procedure, I gained an
incredible, unique ability.
And with that new power, I am a
multitude, brimming with
infinite possibilities.
Interesting.
Thanks for answering a question
that I don't really give two
shits about.
You're welcome! Now...
(All) Bye-bye.
[Gasps]
Don't worry. It's dead.
No external wounds.
No radiation.
No poisonous gases either.
The only bio-magnetic fields are
far away.
Poison in the atmosphere. Is it,
a bioweapon? Even if it doesn't
get any more concentrated...
(Wolf) We have 15 minutes before
it turns deadly.
Keiji, take my spare.
Hmph.
15 minutes, huh?
They're approaching. From a
different entrance!
What do we do?
I'm on it. You guys go ahead.
Joji!
Bring it.
Jo-o.
Amelia, shut the fire door.
Right.
Ji.
It'll take ten seconds for the
door to close. I've got to hold
him back.
[Grunts]
He's reading my movements.
Hiya!
[Grunts]
Ji!
(Keiji) That's what happens when
you take a jab to the jaw.
It's called a concussion.
Time to finish this.
Hiya!
Funny. Fighting a boxer would
have been harder.
Keiji, are you okay?
(Keiji) Yeah, I got him.
[Sighs]
(All) [Sigh]
Next step, get to the control
room!
[Grunts]
[Attacking Scream]
[Heavy Breathing]
(Bao) Tired?
[Growls]
(Bao) Or, just flustered?
You seem to have lost your edge.
Was that your first time killing
a man? Starting to get to you?
[Grunts]
The me you killed by cervical
fracture, he had dreams of
becoming a painter.
[Exhales]
Our DNA might be identical, but
our personalities differ.
We're fighting this battle
because we're soldiers and we're
committed to following orders.
But each of us is a person, just
like you.
For example, when I get back to
Earth, I'm going to be a famous
martial artist.
I'm gonna be a
soccer player!
And me, a
fashion model!
You see! Like your friend, Alex.
He wants to be a baseball
player, right?
(Bao) Want to make a trade?
You agree to become my prisoner
and help us lure Hizamaru and XO
Michelle out of hiding.
If we're successful,
we'll spare you and your friends
who, by the way, are all about
to die.
[Gasps]
You didn't know that?
The air around us is going to be
infected with a bioweapon.
(Bao) We have a bacteria type on
our squad.
Your buddies who went inside
the Annex 1 don't realize it
yet, but they're doomed.
[Frustrated Gasp]
Oh that's right. There's one
more thing. This one's a big
secret...
(Bao) The first ship to reach
Mars won't be a U-NASA rescue
ship.
It'll be one of our battleships.
At which point you will all have
an unfortunate fatal accident.
And nobody will ever know what
really happened to you.
[Gasps]
(Bao) You don't want that, do
you?
You don't want to die, or lose
all your friends.
Or kill more people.
Are you serious?
Yes, I'm serious.
Very serious.
Hah. A bacteria-type and a
battleship, huh? To me, it
sounds like that's checkmate.
Correct. You have absolutely no
hope.
The terraformars are swarming
here. So for now, let's go
inside to settle our deal.
Well, I guess I don't have a
choice.
A guy's gotta survive, right?
That's right! Once we're back on
Earth, you'll be held for a
little while longer.
But we'll return you to
your countries after we're done
with you.
[Sighs]
That's it then.
(Marcos) My teammates couldn't
hack it in a real fight. They
aren't really violent types.
(Marcos) I mean, fighting
cockroaches is one thing,
but I don't think they'd be able
to kill a person.
Same for you.
[Stretches]
Besides, how could I ever beat
all of you? How many of you are
there, anyway?
Good question.
(Bao) My surgery base is the
tall urn ascidian.
It reproduces asexually by
budding.
As long as I've got the energy,
organic matter, and light, I can
reproduce. Infinitely.
There are lots of me, but I
don't know just how many.
(Marcos) [Laughing] There's no
way I can beat that.
I'll feel bad for Akari and XO
Michelle, but I'll get over it
eventually.
And Alex will get home.
Maybe he can take his baseball
team all the way to the major
leagues.
When it comes to your dreams, it
is a dog-eat-dog world.
Right again! We can live and
make our big dreams a reality!
Hah, and my bad, for killing one
of you.
It's been bothering me ever
since I snapped his neck.
It's okay. You were under quite
a lot of pressure there. Just
promise to do better next time.
Your minds are all so twisted
you're completely beyond hope.
If I were scared to fight, if I
were scared to lose my life and
what I love,
scared to kill someone who was a
mortal enemy!
If my resolve were that weak,
I'd never of come to Mars in the
first place!
Why do you think I've overcome
every one of your betrayals?
Where do you think the captain
and XO found the determination
to come to Mars?!
(Marcos) Why did Keiji give up a
perfectly good life and risk his
eyes to a dangerous operation?
Why did Wolf give up a promising
career on Earth, to become an
engineer for the Annex 1 crew?
Sheila and Eva, Peggy and
Erika...
We've all grown up poor, and
learned life's hard lessons!
Do you know how we made it to
Mars to fight a bunch of roaches
on a quest to save humanity?
We've all come this far, because
we won't give up on ourselves!
We won't stop until the job's
done!
Whether we're soldiers, or
non-combatants, we're in this
until the very end!
Are you serious?
So you're choosing to get wiped
out by our battleship?
Not at all. When we blow the lid
off your plan, you won't be able
to hurt anyone!
You treat us the same as you
treat the insects.
That's how you murdered Patrick,
Joyce, and Holly!
Yes, but so what? Our
bioweapon would have
killed them anyway.
And Akari and the XO? You plan
to torture them before you kill
them, too?
Well, they are very rare
creatures. Of course we're going
to study them in painful detail.
I've heard enough! And I
actually feel bad for you.
Because guys without morals,
like you, feel nothing in their
hearts!
I want you to feel rage.
I want you to feel fear!
Because you...need to learn that
death is forever!
[Grunting]
[Gasps]
That's right. Now you feel the
danger in your heart. But it's
way too late for you!
I'm not so sure. You're
the one in danger.
No matter what, I still have
infinite possibilities. You have
barely any chance of survival.
Rotten odds? That's
the story of my life.
(Marcos) But I survived...
Struggling and fighting on even
when death was right at my
heels!
Come and get me,
psycho. Time to die!
[Grunts]
I don't care how many of you
come at me, I'll kick every ass
you've got!
(Petra) It's time you gave me
your answer.
Tell me, will Rome join the
alliance between the United
States, Japan, and Germany?
No. We refuse.
[Gasps]
(Snorresson) What about you?
Have you no misgivings?
Just accepting the scraps left
by Japan and the U.S.?
And letting America steal your
research? From your private side
project.
The one Germany is working on
for, "medical purposes."
That research isn't unique, it's
going on everywhere.
It's the reason every nation
wants to get their hands on
virus samples.
And, let's be honest, it's more
than medical purposes.
That's true. But Germany's
research is further along.
That's why we want access to it.
(Snorresson) Your work proves
the Martian Alien Engine virus,
improves the M.O. operation's
success rate.
It enhances our chances of
creating master soldiers.
That's the real reason all
players are cooperating.
It's not to help America make a
vaccine, it's so each country
can benefit militarily.
Which country is the strongest,
and who will achieve their
goals,
depends on the battle taking
place on Mars. This is a proxy
war.
And remember, we have Joe.
Cloning him, we can establish
ourselves as our own power.
Germany, join us.
Perhaps, you're right.
[Chuckles]
Yes, brother?
(Shichisei) Bad news, Ichiro.
Squad Four beat us to the punch.
Their heavily armed "Rescue
craft" is about to land on Mars.
Apparently, several of
them got inside. Hong!
[Gasps]
Play time's over. Release your
poison and kill them all.
[Nervous Breathing]
Ji, ji, joji!
(Xi) If you died right now, I'd
fall in love with you.